= DM Usage Recipes

A collection of DataMapper usage recipes, combined with RSpec tests. 

This was created to help understand DM and all it's features, as well as provide common usage examples.

== Please Help Out

It is my hope that others in the community will fork and add usage examples to this collection.


== Getting Started

* Clone / download this collection.
  
    git clone git://github.com/kematzy/dm_usage_recipes.git
  
* Move into the <tt>dm_usage_recipes</tt> directory
  
    cd /path/2/dm_usage_recipes/
  
* Run Bundler to ensure you have all the gems installed
  
    bundle install
  
* Run the individual tests
  
    spec gems/dm-types/json.rb
  


  

=== Usage




== TODOs

* Add loads more usage examples for each of the various gems and common usage scenarios.




== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  * (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

=== Credits

The majority of the code inside this collection has been extracted from the tests in the DataMapper[http://github.com/datamapper/] gems.
All credit goes to dkubb[http://github.com/dkubb] and other committers.

== Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2010 kematzy. Released under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
